---
title: "Entry 27"
date: 2021-01-13T00:02:58-08:00
draft: true
weight: -27
---

<br />

(*Note: this one's got a lot of Anons... maybe control F to keep track of who's who? sorry*)

9:34 PM, 1/08/17

I feel like I’ve been under a lot of stress lately (primarily emotionally), and there are a lot of things I want to talk about. The main things I want to talk about right now are Anon1, why I’m feeling so lonely, whether I’m actually using my break time well, and what constitutes as true friends to me.

I can guess why, but right now I feel absolutely dreadful. Mainly, I feel like it’s because of Anon1, but there are definitely other factors that are contributing to my sadness. I feel like I’m definitely going through depression right now. Although it’s definitely not as bad as what other people go through, I just feel that everything I do doesn’t bring joy to my life, and I feel like whatever I do just brings more sadness. I really want to talk to a close friend about this like Anon2, but he/she's far away, and he/she's also probably busy tonight. But, the issue with Anon1 right now is that all of a sudden – out of nowhere – he/she started spouting some random nonsense and blocked all my contact from him/her. I don’t know when this is going to end, but it made me really sad. (Crying a little right now…) Anon1 has been a really close friend to me since junior high, and I really don’t know what this means. Is he/she trying to break off contact with me? Does he/she really not want to be my friend anymore? Why is he/she doing this? I have so many questions for him/her, and I think I really need to confront him/her soon. I don’t want this hardship to linger on, because I feel like it’s the main thing that’s causing this depression right now.

Why am I feeling so lonely? Well, it all ties back to Anon1 and partially Anon3’s party today. For some reason, I feel a little jealous of everyone meeting up, but I don’t know why. I’ve probably hung out the most out of all my friends this week, yet I still feel like I’m excluded. I’m not sure what is going on. I feel like my mind is in a train wreck right now, and I don’t know what to do to make myself happy again. Talking about this somewhat makes me feel a little bit better, but it’ll definitely take me a day or two to recover. I mean, I’m also meeting with Anon4 this week, and I’m possibly seeing Anon5 this Friday, yet somehow, I still feel somewhat a little sad. (Again, not sure, but this probably all comes down to Anon1.)

I don’t really want to talk about whether I’m using my break time well or not right now, but all I can say is that I feel efficient enough with meeting up with high school friends/catching up with people I haven’t seen in a while. But, in terms of Harry Potter reading and Arduino learning, I feel like I’m lacking behind in those. I have two weeks left, which seems like a lot of time, but I know time is still ticking, and to me it feels as if my time will be up anytime soon, yet I haven’t even accomplished that much this break.

As a definition of a true friend, I believe it’s someone that always treats you fair and will always be to your aid when you need it. As of now, according to that definition, I feel like Anon2 is the closest friend that stands by that. We’ve helped each other emotionally a lot, and I feel like we’ve come over hardships in each other’s lives multiple times. Anon6 is probably getting to that level, however I still feel that our conversations are a little awkward sometimes, and I feel that I’m not ready to spill all my life’s content with him/her. Anon2, on the other hand, is a little different. While I was writing this entry, the first person I thought of to talk to was Anon2 (well, technically it was Anon7, but he/she was like my “dream therapist” where I could talk to him/her about anything and he/she'd understand. Yeah, I’ll probably never see him/her ever again, and I still feel like we could have been good friends, but that opportunity is long gone. From time to time, I occasionally think about him/her and what he/she does in his/her life). I’ve talked to Anon2 about many things, and like I’ve said before, we’ve helped each other out with many hardships. To me, Anon2 is kind of like a brother/sister I never had, someone that can always be there, although we don’t usually talk on a regular basis. Since junior high, he/she's been one of the closest friends to me, and I hope our relationship can go a long way into our distant future. I know that I’d definitely be very sad if I lost touch with him/her.

I feel a little better now that I’ve had the chance to spill most of the stuff on my mind. All that’s left to do is have a small talk with Anon1 so that we can hopefully solve this situation in a positive way. I feel really lethargic from spitting out all my emotions in this document, but at least it’s done me some good.